Docs: Resource Update (#11950)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/get-started-next-steps.md

- [Further curated links](winui-doc-links-development.md)
- [Performance tips and tricks](Uno-UI-Performance.md)

## Free & paid tutorials, courses, and guided pathways for getting started with Uno Platform

#### Syncfusion - Uno Platform Succinctly

Syncfusion supports Uno Platform to two of its most popular UWP controls —DataGrid and Charts, published [Uno Platform Succinctly]( https://www.syncfusion.com/succinctly-free-ebooks/uno-platform-succinctly). A free eBook that will take you from setting up your first Uno project in Visual Studio to a fully functioning single-page application.

#### Udemy – Introduction to Uno Platform

> Christian Findlay developed a great video tutorial to get you started with Uno Platform course on Udemy. The course walks you through a simple UI scenario and shows you how to build a single-source app for iOS, Android, Browser, and macOS.  [Uno Platform course on Udemy]( https://www.udemy.com/course/introduction-to-uno-platform/?referralCode=C9FE308096EADFB5B661)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Christian Findlay developed a great course to get you started with Uno Platform on Udemy. The course walks you through a simple UI scenario and shows you how to build a single-source app for iOS, Android, Browser, and macOS. See [Uno Platform course on Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/introduction-to-uno-platform/?referralCode=C9FE308096EADFB5B661)
```
```suggestion
Christian Findlay developed a great video tutorial to get you started with Uno Platform course on Udemy. The course walks you through a simple UI scenario and shows you how to build a single-source app for iOS, Android, Browser, and macOS.  [Uno Platform course on Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/introduction-to-uno-platform/?referralCode=C9FE308096EADFB5B661)
```
